Managed Services Solutions: Programming Tasks

Languages & Technologies: Python, JS, JQUERY, AJAX, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JQuery Datatable, Redis
Framework: Django

Imagine we have a database of 10 employees with their details. The database also contains
a table where incidents are reported in the form of tickets. An employee’s job is to resolve
the incident by working on the ticket that is assigned to him.

Task 1:
Implement a simple application in Python Django to Add, Edit, Delete and List all the tickets
we have in the database. Each ticket should have information like ticket number, ticket
creation date, description, resolution end date.

Task 2:
Every employee has a duty roster that is used to allocate day to day tasks for them, each
task being a ticket created in the database.

Implement a dashboard which shows the tasks allocated to these employees based on their
daily duty roster. Duty roster should contain information like employee name, employee
start time and end time and employee availability status. Tickets should be allocated
considering, which employee is available on a particular day and which employees are on
leave.

The application should follow the MVC structure. Send us the code along with the
instruction to run and the database schema.
The UI is hosted as a simple Django application and back-end is hosted as a separate
Django Rest Framework application.
The request from UI application is served by the backend Django Rest Framework which is
hosted separately. Connection to the Database should ONLY be from the backend Django
Rest Framework application. You can use any database of your choice. MySQL,
PostgreSQL or Oracle. Database should have minimum tables for keeping employee data,

employee roster details, ticket details and task allocation. Other tables can be created and
used as and when it is required.
The backend Django Rest Framework application should implement all the request types
like GET, POST, PUT and DELETE.
1. Use jQuery DataTable to list the tickets.
2. The ticket list DataTable should be searchable on individual fields, and the result should
come from the backend.
3. Ticket allocation to the employees should happen automatically when new ticket is
created in the database.
4. If there is employees A, B, C, first ticket should go to A, second ticket to B and then third
ticket to C. After that the fourth ticket should again go to A.